this is Tampa Tech and learn something
new from PC TVs and gaming - it's gonna
start today's the day that Devon learned
how to swim underwater - all right yeah
do it again all right
hi this Tampa tech I'm doing a video
review on the H mxw 300 waterproof
shockproof dustproof camera there's a
new version I have the old version going
to show you both all right then with the
new version there's a rubber skin
covering all the buttons so there's no
more there's no creases in between the
buttons as you can see and right here
it's the power button
there's no creases there's a rubber skin
wrapped around the whole entire frame of
the camera
okay it does have a CMOS sensor so it's
great for indoor recording all right in
difference between this one the old one
is the old one it was ten feet
waterproof this one 16 okay but they're
both the same shockproof six feet all
right or 6.5 to toggle between camera
mode and video recording just hit that
button
very simple you need a mini SD card and
it goes right in there most cellphones
have that to reset it you use a
paperclip you can reset it if it's ever
frozen locked up mini HDMI to regular HD
money that's another accessory has a
water of a floatable what do you call it
wristband thing you get that that's
another accessory the USB what I like
about this is that it doesn't have an
external charger it's actually all built
in one the software is built into here
so when you plug it into your your PC it
would download the software okay also
what's built-in is the charging port
which is the USB into data and charging
at the same time it'll be orange the
light will turn orange telling you that
it's charging you know turn green when
it's done same as the old one all right
you could put it on a dock or a tripod
like this is $15 tripod
okay you just screws on the bottom this
is more of a waterproof camera and the
reason why I say that than the old one
the reason why I say that is because it
has the rubber skin right here and
wrapped around the frame so there's less
creases all right and you just close it
up like that or not like that there you
go like that now to use one hand
so unlatches like that you just turn a
little bit that way pops out very easy
same thing goes for that little locks
and latches right there and as a fog
anti fog lens and the water just drips
right off you just you can't even like
ever you know you have to clean this I
don't know what they used but it's you
never have till I clean the lens for
some reason all right you're the menu
button right here it toggles from 720p
to 1080p all right you do the date and
time on here the brightness level it
turns off automatically you can change
the shutter sound video out that's where
you talked about the video out
anti-shake so if your hands are shaky
you can just turn that on do the face
detection
okay and let's go over here and the
white balance smart filter you change
you two different textures
I don't have to tell the difference
so this is different like themes
recording I guess backlight you could
turn it on/off alright let's get out of
the menu that has Paul's recording which
is kind of cool I like pause recording
the old one had that is when you're
recording something you could pause it
alright if you have like a crazy
two-year-old that runs in and out of
your room while you're doing like your
video reviews you could pause it and
then you know give them something to
snack on or whatever and put them back
in the room
it has zoom this zoom is a digital zoom
it doesn't really zoom in that much as
you can see there's my ceiling fan
that's maqsuum it's not really attended
for like if you're recording the
mountains or anything but I like it
because I don't record the mountains I
do product reviews and tech reviews and
how to fix TVs
it's aqua mode you click on aqua mode if
you're recording underwater and the
review button press the review button to
review your pictures and your videos and
you can throw out the delete videos and
stuff like that in pictures through here
okay I'm going to show you the old one
now now here is the old one the old one
I don't think you see the difference
this is the new one in his own drum is
identical as you can see all right now
I'm gonna show you the different picture
quality I'm gonna switch my SD card from
this one the old one to the new one now
see if you just tell difference now I'm
recording with the new one this is the
old one and as you can see right here
see how there's a lot of creases in the
buttons and there's no rubber skin
covering these buttons so that's the
difference and there's also a crease
right here and I had a problem this
button jammed on me and I actually had
to take apart and fix it I'm gonna post
that video for you guys I did that video
how did do that but I did I enjoyed this
I think it takes really great HD video
underwater shots underwater recordings
great $120 a copy us a target I mean I'm
sorry comp USA which is Tiger Direct
owned all right was on sale for a
hundred twenty bucks
it's usually I think 155 what I think
it's well worth it
this is this honestly is a high quality
HD camera in my opinion you can drop it
it's waterproof its dust proof this is a
very high quality camera that's just to
take along with you it fits in your
pocket you know what I mean it doesn't
come with the SD card you got to buy the
mini SD card and HDMI adapter it doesn't
come with the HDMI cable but it's only
one it has a software all built in and
the charging all built in and then I
never had a prom with the charging port
works very well
it's sturdy so I like it
alright thanks for watching post a
comment and subscribe to Tampa tech